chore: cgt review comments 2 (#57)
defi-wonderland/specs: specs/protocol/cgt/overview.md

> # Jovian Network Upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Custom Gas Token Mode
```

## Execution Layer

## Consensus Layer

## Smart Contracts

- [Predeploys](./predeploys.md)
- [Bridges](./bridges.md)
- [Cross Domain Messengers](./messengers.md)
- [System Config](./system-config.md)
- [Withdrawals](./withdrawals.md)
- [Optimism Portal](./optimism-portal.md)

### Core L2 Smart Contracts

#### Custom Gas Token

The Custom Gas Token (CGT) feature allows OP Stack chains to use a native asset other than ETH as the gas
currency. This implementation introduces a streamlined approach with minimal core code intrusion through a
single `isCustomGasToken()` flag.

Key components:

- **NativeAssetLiquidity**: A predeploy contract containing pre-minted native assets, deployed only for
  CGT-enabled chains.
- **LiquidityController**: An owner-governed mint/burn router that manages supply control, deployed only for
  CGT-enabled chains.
- **ETH Transfer Blocking**: When CGT is enabled, all ETH transfer flows in bridging methods are disabled via
  the `isCustomGasToken()` flag.
- **ETH Bridging Disabled**: ETH bridging functions in `L2ToL1MessagePasser` and `OptimismPortal` MUST revert
  when CGT mode is enabled to prevent confusion about which asset is the native currency.

> - **WETH as ERC20**: ETH can still be bridged as WETH using the standard `OptimismMintableERC20` bridging
>   path through `L2StandardBridge`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ETH as an ERC20 representation**: ETH can be bridged by wrapping it as an ERC20 token (e.g., WETH) and using the `StandardBridge` to mint an `OptimismMintableERC20` representation.

```
